Hello uncle tang
I am Li Jia, the fiancee of Zhang Tianhao of Baicaotang
What did you just call me?
Uncle Tao?
Do I know you?
You come up and get close to me
Secretary
Next time you meet this kind of person, just shoot me out
Ok Mr. Tang
Excuse me?
Mr. Tang was just terrifying me
Please don't be angry.
What about Miss Su's things?
thing
What's that?
Oh.
Didn't I send someone to deliver it to you before?
What are you talking about?
I'm talking about the information of your Su Group.
Mr. Tang, isn't our quota fixed?
No one told me to prepare the materials.
Who told you that it can be predetermined?
Let me tell you something.
Our Wancheng Business Center
To the outside world is to introduce the ability
A company with potential
Let's build one together
World-class business center
Like you do
I don't even have information about my own company
I seriously doubt the professionalism of your Su Group
Not Mr. Tang
I'm Zhang Tianhao's fiancee
I don't care who you are.
If you want to settle in our city
You need to show your real information
Don't take these crooked ways
All right.
Secretary sees off
Mr. Tang
You listen to me.
Can't you understand human language?
Get out of here